M. Preston Electrical Services
14 Chatsworth Road, Chesterfield S40 2AQ
Tel 01246 337 118 | mail@prestonelectrical.co.uk

QUOTATION

Quote date: 11 February 2026

Customer: Mr and Mrs Hollis
Work address: 8 Ashgate Rise, Chesterfield S40 4DF

THE WORK
Partial rewire - ground floor only, covering the kitchen, dining room,
lounge and hallway. First floor circuits are not part of this quote.

Accessories: 14 no. double sockets to be fitted, white moulded finish.
Lighting: new pendant points to be installed to each ground floor room.
Switches: new 1-gang and 2-gang switches throughout the ground floor.
An outside socket to the rear patio is included.

CONSUMER UNIT
New Hager consumer unit to be fitted, 10-way, in the existing position in
the hall cupboard. Surge protection can be added if you want it.

CABLING AND CIRCUITS
New 2.5mm2 twin and earth to the socket circuits and 1.5mm2 to lighting.
Circuits: kitchen ring, lounge/dining ring, ground floor lighting and a
dedicated cooker circuit. Cables chased into walls with metal capping where
they are not run in the floor void. Board to be labelled with a full circuit
chart on completion.

SAFETY
RCD protection included. Main protective bonding to the gas and water
services renewed in 10mm2. Mains-interlinked smoke alarms included.

CERTIFICATION
We are NICEIC approved and the work is Part P compliant. Electrical
Installation Certificate to be issued on completion. An EICR may be needed
on the first floor at a later date.

MAKING GOOD AND ACCESS
Chases will be made good where required. Carpets in the lounge and hall to
be lifted and refitted by us. Redecoration is not included in this price.
Dust sheets and floor protection used throughout and all debris cleared
daily.

EXCLUSIONS
Light fittings are not supplied - fittings to be provided by the customer.
Plastering by others. Any additional work will be quoted and agreed in
writing before it is carried out.

PRICE AND PAYMENT
Total price: £4,950 including VAT at 20%.
Deposit of £1,000 on acceptance, balance due on completion.

PROGRAMME
Anticipated start Monday 9 March 2026, approximately 6 working days on site.

Regards,
M. Preston
