MERIDIAN ROOFING (MIDLANDS) LTD
Unit 7, Wollaton Business Park, Nottingham NG8 2AE
Tel: 0115 496 0456  |  quotes@meridianroofing.co.uk

Quote ref: MR-2291
Date: 4 April 2026. This quotation is valid for 30 days from the date above.

Mr and Mrs J Hartley
42 Sherwood Rise, Mapperley, Nottingham NG3 5FT

All works are to be carried out at 42 Sherwood Rise, Mapperley, Nottingham NG3 5FT.

SCOPE OF WORKS

Full re-roof (strip and re-cover) of the pitched hipped main roof, pitch measured at 35 degrees.

Strip off the existing concrete tiles, battens and felt. Skip supplied by us; all waste removed from site and disposed of at a licensed transfer station.

ROOF STRUCTURE

The existing cut roof (rafters and purlins) is to be retained and inspected once stripped.

Allowance included for replacing up to 6 rafters at £45 each, plus preservative spray treatment to all exposed roof timbers.

Ventilation: dry ridge vent system to the main ridge, plus four tile vents to the rear slope, in accordance with BS 5250.

ROOF COVERING

Marley Modern concrete interlocking tiles in Smooth Grey, to match the existing roof.

Klober Permo Air breathable membrane laid over the rafters.

25x50mm treated graded battens to BS 5534.

Dry ridge and dry hip system throughout; GRP valley troughs to both valleys.

INSULATION AND VENTILATION

Loft insulation upgraded to 300mm mineral wool laid in the loft over the existing.

Roof insulation achieves a U-value of 0.15 W/m2K, which meets the current Building Regulations Part L target for a re-roofed pitched roof.

10mm continuous eaves vent strip fitted to all eaves.

RAINWATER GOODS

112mm half-round black uPVC guttering (Brett Martin Deepflow) to all elevations.

68mm round black uPVC downpipes to the two rear corners and the front left corner.

New 16mm white uPVC fascia boards and vented soffits to all eaves.

FLASHINGS AND WEATHERPROOFING

Code 5 milled lead flashings to all abutments and to the chimney stack.

Chimney: Code 4 lead front apron, stepped soakers and chased-in cover flashing, pointed in 3:1 sand/cement.

Valleys: new GRP valley troughs bedded on treated valley boards.

ROOF LIGHTS AND PENETRATIONS

2no. Velux GGL MK04 roof windows fitted to the rear slope.

New lead slates to the soil vent pipe and Ubbink flashing collars to all other pipe penetrations.

SCAFFOLD AND ACCESS

Full scaffold to front and rear included in the price, erected for the duration of the works (approximately 2 weeks' hire).

Edge protection and debris netting fitted to the scaffold. RAMS supplied before start. Access via the side gate; driveway kept clear.

MAKING GOOD

Any plasterboard disturbed internally will be re-boarded, skimmed and left ready for decoration.

Chimney re-pointed where the flashings are chased in; driveway and lawn cleared of all debris and left as found.

BUILDING CONTROL AND GUARANTEE

The works are notifiable; they will be registered with local authority Building Control under a building notice, which we will submit on your behalf before we start, and a completion certificate will be issued to you.

10-year workmanship guarantee, backed by a 20-year insurance-backed guarantee through the manufacturer's approved installer scheme.

PRICE, VAT AND PAYMENT

Total for the works: £14,750.

Prices are inclusive of VAT at 20%. Our VAT registration number is GB 412 8871 09.

Payment: £2,000 deposit on order, 50% on completion of the strip and dry-in, balance within 7 days of completion.

PROGRAMME

Start date: 11 May 2026. Duration: approximately 10 working days on site, weather permitting.

Kind regards,
Alan Pridmore
Meridian Roofing (Midlands) Ltd
